Clarify how clients should order lists of outputs to preserve privacy (#35)
cashubtc/nuts: 04.md

After requesting a mint (see [NUT-03][03]) and paying the invoice that was returned by the mint, a wallet proceeds with requesting tokens from the mint in return for paying the invoice. 

> For that, a wallet sends a `POST /mint?hash=<hash>` request with a JSON body to the mint. The body **MUST** include `BlindedMessages` (see [NUT-00][00]) that are worth a maximum of `<amount_sat>`. If successful (i.e. the invoice has been previously paid and the `BlindedMessages` are valid), the mint responds with `Promises` (see [NUT-00][00]). Note that in order to preserve privacy around the exact amount a client might be trying to build a token for, the client **SHOULD** ensure that the list of `BlindedMessage`s is always ordered by amount in ascending order. For example, a request for tokens expressed like so: `[16, 8, 2, 64, 8]` might imply the client is building a payment for 26 sat; the client should instead order the list like so: `[2, 8, 8, 16, 64]` to reduce extra information given to the mint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that, a wallet sends a `POST /mint?hash=<hash>` request with a JSON body to the mint. The body **MUST** include `BlindedMessages` (see [NUT-00][00]) that are worth a maximum of `<amount_sat>`. If successful (i.e. the invoice has been previously paid and the `BlindedMessages` are valid), the mint responds with `Promises` (see [NUT-00][00]). 

Note: In order to preserve privacy around the amount that a client might want to send to another user and keep the rest as change, the client **SHOULD** ensure that the list of `BlindedMessage`s is ordered by amount in ascending order. As an example of what to avoid, a request for tokens expressed like so: `[16, 8, 2, 64, 8]` might imply the client is building a payment for 26 sat; the client should instead order the list like so: `[2, 8, 8, 16, 64]` to mitigate this privacy leak to the mint.
```
